added required permissions to the description and readme (#13310)
demisto/content: Packs/Microsoft365Defender/Integrations/Microsoft365Defender/Microsoft365Defender_description.md

> To use a self-configured Azure application, you need to add a new Azure App Registration in the Azure Portal, with mobile and desktop flows enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a self-configured Azure application, you need to add a new Azure App Registration in the Azure Portal. For more details, follow [Self Deployed Application - Device Code Flow](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/microsoft-integrations---authentication#device-code-flow).
```

#### Required Permissions

> * microsoft-365-defender-incidents-list:

Reviewer: no need to split into commands here, just a list of all permissions

Author: Done
